open this ideal to open because
I understand everything for de vido
but it is not national necessary that each
year there is a bomb for a media theme
for an image subject because that lasts a
It lasts the day the presentation and for
what we want are great players
that day by day they work that they understand what
which is the club that understand what is
the history of this club what
represents and more
it's a possibility but I do not know, I think
that in these days that is to say it can be that
today or tomorrow
advertise in paris saint germain
let's say the agreement by which it allows
Ancelotti can then sign but to day
today he has not signed us yet
the world knows that if possible my
ancelotti trainers just jump on
world
well every coach has let's say your
his way of being and are stages
different
well I think it has many
possibilities also to be a player of
real because he wants to be in real
madrid I also know that he does a lot
Illusion come to Madrid the same dog
and if everything develops as it seems
soon we will make the signing
and the players are never neither expensive nor
cheap but let's say it depends on the
performance that I give I always say that
fixed citizens ronaldo and beckham about
alright huge revenue jumps were
players who
and some until new did not understand
and we went from entering 100 million to
enter 300 million euros I can
say that we were entering 400 million
when the year 2009 arrives in the
season is ending we are going to
enter more than 520 and also sure that
had to see the signing of
kaká de benzema Christian
in the first year safe or acil the
second what the technicians say
we need to improve is in the middle line
is what they say let's say the common of the
technical, well, that's a subject that
when the next coach comes
we will see how to improve
it is all life
the players always from the quarry will
they went to form when they were very young
to other loaned teams and then they came
Madrid is very difficult for Madrid
that triumphs a kid with 17 or 18 years
not except for rare exceptions I do not know how
intaur raul utrero the others are
have gone elsewhere and here the people are
very impatient that is
he prefers trained players but also
you prefer players from the quarry for
I think that this year we are going to
incorporate returning several players from the
quarry
well we did not get anywhere
agreement of that type and it would also be
absurd
mourinho has shown what it is and how
it's until the end because it's not going to change
of personality because by one with it
until the end I think he has done
what he believed he should do and another
thing is that some criticize him the
forms because the fund does not criticize it
or almost nobody criticize the forms
well everyone has their way
mourinho let's say he has not cheated anyone
he is how is he is very demanding and
justified in their demands
I can not but say that the club
I had confidence in the coach what
does it does it with all the players
he gave a touch of attention as he
I said it Christian as I gave it to everything
the world then came the fatality of the
injury that has nothing to do with
the touch of attention and already then to
from there
another issue we had to bring increased a
goalkeeper who was not out as it was diego
lopez and then good then when it came out
well diego lopez had not done it wrong
I had done very well because it is a
magnificent goalkeeper also and that's it over
the story
I know it was this film that is
It was used by those who wanted
attack mou used to boxes and I
I think that boxes are very good in not
be used by boxes not
needs to be useful because if it is
the best goalkeeper in the world is because he is
he has won was over the years
the image of madrid gets dirty when
has been fed for six years in a row
eighths and not being unseeded I
I think that does deteriorate the image of
bad and I say it
the image of madrid does not deteriorate
because you reach 33 semifinals and the
lose especially if we do not win the
champions we have taken the place that we
corresponds that is to be among the
first four as we have always
been because I was in my stage that
in nine and a half years there are six
final and one and one we won the cup
europe is where we have to be what
that can not be is that six years
followed this limit eliminate in eighths
madrid that's what I can not accept
the house marks a second kiss the
mark that rage
Well mario is sorry with all
modesty in football the brand of
renown
that I have no doubts I have no doubts
come on I think that when you throw in realmadrid and
I say it again
I think he wants to be a coach
man I think nobody starts being
first team coach in some
side starts before it was like that of the night to
the morning I take the title to madrid
it's not normal and the only thing I'm going to
to say is that I will be here while
continue to have hope and desire
work for Madrid and the partners are left
ministry not all the partners of the royal
madrid that have hope and that and that
as I said do these principles
because they will seem perfect
I have no idea because I do not know what
happens but what I'm convinced is that
Messi does not know anything about what was
happening that safe and good because I guess
that if there is a problem they will fix it
and although now it is clear that everything
happens around is great players
come a great transcendence and
at the moment we do not know in another person
when I was in the schalke I agreed
that those dates were because they
they had to play the previous one and then
Well we've never gotten
could come and now that he's there in
qatar then we have managed not to come
here we are going to give a tribute if
what do you want is from the spectacular public
but come on he does not need more than the one
nor the affection of the people who have it and
he knows that his house is and that one day
when he wants
when he decides that he should already
stop being a player because it is his plácet
no no